Documentation update (#209)
OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-vscode: README.md

Helpful code snippets are provided for Jakarta EE APIs in Java files, such as Jakarta RESTful Web Services.

![Eclipse LSP4Jakarta completion](/docs/screenshots/lsp4jakarta_completion.png)

Editing assistance for configuration and application files is provided through the following language server projects, which this project consumes. For more information, see the documentation for these projects.

- Liberty configuration files: [Liberty Config Language Server](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/liberty-language-server#liberty-config-language-server)
- Jakarta EE APIs in Java files:  [Eclipse LSP4Jakarta](https://github.com/eclipse/lsp4jakarta#eclipse-lsp4jakarta), the Language Server for Jakarta EE.

Liberty Tools for Visual Studio Code depends on the [Tools for MicroProfile](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-microprofile) Visual Studio Code extension. This extension provides editing assistance for MicroProfile APIs in Java and `microprofile-config.properties` files.

## Quick start

- Install [Liberty Tools for Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Open-Liberty.liberty-dev-vscode-ext)

> - Supported Liberty projects will appear in the Liberty Dashboard on the sidebar. Right-click a project in the Liberty Dashboard to view the available commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select a project in the Liberty tool window to view the available commands.

Projects with the Liberty Maven Plugin or Liberty Gradle Plugin configured will appear in the Liberty Dashboard on the sidebar.
```

[![Marketplace Version](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/Open-Liberty.liberty-dev-vscode-ext?style=for-the-badge&label=VS%20Market "Current Release")](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Open-Liberty.liberty-dev-vscode-ext)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-vscode?style=for-the-badge&logo=eclipse)](https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/)

Liberty Tools for Visual Studio Code offers features for developing cloud-native Java applications with [Open Liberty](https://openliberty.io/) and [WebSphere Liberty](https://www.ibm.com/products/websphere-liberty). Iterate fast with Liberty dev mode, code with assistance for MicroProfile & Jakarta EE APIs, and easily edit Liberty configuration files.

**Note: This is an early release.**

![liberty dashboard screenshot](/docs/screenshots/liberty_dashboard.png)

- [Features](#features)

> - [Quick Start](#quick-start)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Quick start](#quick-start)
```

- [Commands](#commands)

> - [Configurable User Settings](#configurable-user-settings)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Configurable user settings](#configurable-user-settings)
```

> - [External Settings](#external-settings)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [External settings](#external-settings)
```

| Start in a container | Starts dev mode with Liberty running in a container. The `liberty-maven-plugin` must be version `3.3-M1` or higher. The `liberty-gradle-plugin` must be version `3.1-M1` or higher. |
| Stop | Stops dev mode. Liberty must be running in dev mode to use this command. |
| Run tests | Runs the unit tests and integration tests that are configured for your project. Liberty must be running in dev mode to use this command. |
| View integration test report (Maven) | Views the integration test report file it exists at `/target/site/failsafe-report.html`. |
| View unit test report (Maven) | Views the unit test report file if it exists at `/target/site/surefire-report.html`. |
| View test report (Gradle) | Opens the test report file, if it exists at the `build/reports/tests/test/index.html` default location. This action command is available only to Gradle projects. Gradle projects have only a single action command for test result reporting. |

> ## Configurable User Settings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Configurable user settings
```

Reviewer 2: Where are these settings specified? Recommend adding a sentence before the table to say where/how they can be set

| Setting | Description | Default Value |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | liberty.terminal.useJavaHome | If this value is true, and if the setting `java.home` has a value, then the environment variable `JAVA_HOME` will be set to the value of `java.home` when a new terminal window is created. | False         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `liberty.terminal.useJavaHome` | If this value is true, and if the setting `java.home` has a value, then the environment variable `JAVA_HOME` will be set to the value of `java.home` when a new terminal window is created. | False         |
```

> | xml.java.home | This property allows a user to define their LemMinX language server runtime without altering the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable.  | Not set |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `xml.java.home` | This property allows a user to define their LemMinX language server runtime without altering the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable.  | Not set |
```

### External Settings

> The following settings provided by external extensions will be honoured when executing dev mode commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following settings, which are provided by external extensions, are honoured when you run dev mode commands.
```

| Setting | Description | Provided By |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | maven.executable.path | Maven commands executed by dev mode will honour this setting. When this value is empty, it tries to use `mvn` or `mvnw` according to the value of `maven.executable.preferMavenWrapper`. | [Maven for Java extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-maven) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `maven.executable.path` | Maven commands executed by dev mode will honour this setting. When this value is empty, it tries to use `mvn` or `mvnw` according to the value of `maven.executable.preferMavenWrapper`. | [Maven for Java extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-maven) |
```

> | maven.executable.preferMavenWrapper | Maven commands executed by dev mode will honour this setting. If true, it tries to use `mvnw` if a Maven wrapper file can be found. Otherwise it will use `mvn`. | [Maven for Java extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-maven) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `maven.executable.preferMavenWrapper` | Maven commands executed by dev mode will honour this setting. If true, it tries to use `mvnw` if a Maven wrapper file can be found. Otherwise it will use `mvn`. | [Maven for Java extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-maven) |
```

> | java.import.gradle.wrapper.enabled | Gradle commands executed by dev mode will honour this setting. If true, it tries to use `gradlew` if a Gradle wrapper file can be found. Otherwise it will use `gradle`. | [Language support for Java extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.java) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `java.import.gradle.wrapper.enabled` | Gradle commands executed by dev mode will honour this setting. If true, it tries to use `gradlew` if a Gradle wrapper file can be found. Otherwise it will use `gradle`. | [Language support for Java extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.java) |
```

**Note:** This is an early release.

![liberty dashboard screenshot](images/docs/liberty_dashboard.png)

This plugin allows you to run your Liberty Maven or Liberty Gradle projects through the Liberty dashboard or the VS Code command palette. You can start, stop, or interact with [Liberty dev mode](https://openliberty.io/docs/latest/development-mode.html) on all available [Liberty Maven](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.maven/blob/master/docs/dev.md#dev) or [Liberty Gradle](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.gradle/blob/master/docs/libertyDev.md) projects in your workspace. Liberty Tools help you quickly and easily edit your application and configuration files by providing language support features for MicroProfile, Jakarta EE, and Liberty configuration and Java files.

## Features

- View [supported](FAQ.md#supported-liberty-and-maven-plugins) Liberty projects in the Liberty dashboard.
- Start/Stop dev mode.
- Start dev mode with custom parameters.
- Start dev mode in a container.
- Start dev mode with the debugger attached.
- Run tests.
- View unit and integration test reports.

> Liberty Tools for Visual Studio Code consumes the [Eclipse LSP4Jakarta Language Server](https://github.com/eclipse/lsp4jakarta) to provide language server features for Java files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Liberty Tools for Visual Studio Code consumes the [Eclipse LSP4Jakarta](https://github.com/eclipse/lsp4jakarta), Language Server for Jakarta EE, to provide editing assistance for Jakarta EE APIs in Java files.
```

![lsp4jakarta completion screenshot](images/docs/lcls_hover.png)

Liberty Tools for Visual Studio Code consumes the [Liberty Config Language Server](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/liberty-language-server) providing [language server features](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/liberty-language-server#features) for Liberty server configuration files:

- server.env
- bootstrap.properties
- server.xml

> Liberty Tools for Visual Studio Code consumes [Eclipse LSP4MP](https://github.com/eclipse/lsp4mp), the Language Server for MicroProfile, to provide editing assistance for Jakarta EE APIs in Java and microprofile-config.properties files. For more information, see the [project documentation in GitHub](https://github.com/eclipse/lsp4mp#eclipse-lsp4mp---language-server-for-microprofile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Liberty Tools for Visual Studio Code consumes [Eclipse LSP4MP](https://github.com/eclipse/lsp4mp), the Language Server for MicroProfile, to provide editing assistance for MicroProfile APIs in Java and microprofile-config.properties files. For more information, see the [project documentation in GitHub](https://github.com/eclipse/lsp4mp#eclipse-lsp4mp---language-server-for-microprofile).
```

:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![LSP4Jakarta](images/docs/lsp4jakarta_completion.png) | ![LSP4MP](images/docs/lsp4mp_completion.png)

## Quick Start

- Install the extension
- Liberty supported projects will appear in the Liberty Dashboard on the side bar
- Right-click a project in the Liberty Dashboard to view the available commands

## Action Commands

| Command | Description |
| ---------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Start  | Starts dev mode. |
| Start…​ | Starts dev mode with custom parameters. Supported parameters can be found in the documentation for the [dev goal of the Liberty Maven Plugin](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.maven/blob/master/docs/dev.md#dev) and the [libertyDev task of the Liberty Gradle Plugin](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.gradle/blob/master/docs/libertyDev.md#command-line-parameters). |

> | Start in container | Starts dev mode with the server in a container. The `liberty-maven-plugin` must be version `3.3-M1` or higher. The `liberty-gradle-plugin` must be version `3.1-M1` or higher. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Start in a container | Starts dev mode with Liberty running in a container. The `liberty-maven-plugin` must be version `3.3-M1` or higher. The `liberty-gradle-plugin` must be version `3.1-M1` or higher. |
```
